:toc:
:toclevels: 4
:numbered:
:mtr:
include::topics/templates/document-attributes.adoc[]

:imagesdir: topics/images
:context: web-console-guide
:web-console-guide:
:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
= {WebConsoleBookName}

//Inclusive language statement
include::topics/making-open-source-more-inclusive.adoc[]

== Introduction

// About the {WebConsoleBookName}
include::topics/mtr-about-console-guide.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// About {ProductName}
include::topics/mtr-what-is-the-toolkit.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// About the {WebName}
include::topics/mtr-about-the-web-console.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

== Installing the {WebName}

You can install the {WebName} on Linux, Windows, macOS, or {ocp-full}.

// Installing on Linux, Windows, macOS
include::topics/mtr-installing-web-console-or-cli-tool.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
// Installing on OCP
include::topics/mtr-installing-web-console-on-openshift.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

==== Troubleshooting a {WebName} installation on OpenShift

This section describes how to troubleshoot a {WebName} installation on OpenShift Container Platform.

//Downloading logs with OCP console
include::topics/proc_web-downloading-logs-console.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

//Downloading logs with the CLI
include::topics/mtr-proc_web-downloading-logs-cli.adoc[leveloffset=+4]
include::topics/mtr-web-openshift-no-route-to-host-error.adoc[leveloffset=+4]
include::topics/mtr-web-openshift-insufficient-resources.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

// Reporting issues

===== Reporting issues

{ProductShortName} uses Jira as its issue tracking system. If you encounter an issue executing {ProductShortName}, submit a link:{JiraWindupURL}[Jira issue].

== Using the {WebName} to analyze applications

You can create a project in the web console to analyze your applications.

Each project groups the applications for a specific analysis, which you can configure with custom rules and labels.

The analysis process generates reports that describe the readiness of your applications for migration or modernization.

// Creating a project
include::topics/mtr-web-create-project.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Running a saved analysis
include::topics/mtr-web-running-saved-analysis.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Viewing the Results of an Analysis
include::topics/mtr-web-view-results.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Review the Reports
include::topics/mtr-web-review-reports.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

//Reconfigure Analysis
include::topics/mtr-web-updating-an-analysis.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Using Custom Rules
include::topics/mtr-web-adding-global-custom-rules.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Using Custom Labels
include::topics/mtr-web-adding-global-custom-labels.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

// Require Authentication for {ProductWebName}
include::topics/mtr-configuring-web-console-authentication-for-linux-windows-macos.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// TODO: eventually add steps for reverting back to no auth required


// **********************************
// * Appendix: Revision Information *
// **********************************
include::topics/templates/revision-info.adoc[]

:web-console-guide!:
